I love monitoring the situation. My primary source of information was Twitter(X), Media outlets and few youtube channels. As much it is fun for me to do it became challenging and distracting at the same time. There was lot of noise around all these platforms despite my best efforts i could not help myself but getting distracted. Also i had to scroll all these places to get my piece of information. I wanted a centralized place where i could monitor the situation without getting distracted in organized way. That's when i thought to build this platform. It is not generated by AI, there was a human sitting behind this and writing code. This platform gives you snapshot information at your fingertips to quickly monitor the situation and deep dive on the one you think will be useful to you. The websites gets updated every 60 minutes. I think it is fair as that won't hurt much staying one hour behind the real time news. As these website is hosted on free platform which always comes with their limitations and rule. The idea to keep the refresh at every 60 minute came from making this platform sustainable, as free platform comes with their limitations. The platform only displays information from past 48 hours and does not store older data in any form. They get discarded. The platform has few sources from where i collect the news feed. It is no where complete but served as a good starting point. Here i maintain the list of sources from where i collect the information. You can send me request to add your preferred source of news. Each one of has preference on media outlets, twitter handle and youtube channel from where we wish to consume the content. The filter let's you curate the feed as per your preference making it accisible for wider audience. The intended audience is anyone who is interested in monitoring the situation. Hope this helps. I do not own any of the content presented in this website. The copyright belongs to their respective owner, this is just an aggregator website. While this website is free to use and will always remain free, the quality of the feed depends on data it consumes. I thrive to make the list of news outlet, twitter handle and youtube channel as exhaustive as possible it can not be done without your support. If you think i have missed some major news outlet who gives good coverage of specific topic your suggetions are always welcome. You can send me message on my reddit account, github or email whichever way you are comfortable with. this way you can actively support this project. This is purely volunteer based software i wrote, and will run on donations. If you think you can sponsor this project than you are welcome too. You can sponsor the domain of the project so people do not have to remember long github link.